Hello.
You.
Where the hell am I?
What are you?
Are you fucking crazy?
Let's calm down a little bit.
We can talk about this.
What do you want from me?
Well, it's, um...
It's really quite simple.
I want the Fuji group.
You can understand that, right?
I can't help you do that.
Your husband can.
See if he divorces you.
I get the company.
It's, uh, it's actually really quite simple.
You're out of your mind.
Let me go.
Fucking idiot.
You are such a coward.
You're such a coward.
Don't even think about it.
What is wrong with you, man?
What's wrong with me?
Geez.
Where do we start?
I want to be honest with you, Robert.
I should have gotten the Fuji group.
Not you.
But your precious daddy decided to give it to you.
You know it's up to you to make things right.
You don't deserve anything.
You piece of shit!
Hey!
You better watch yourself.
I'm calling the shots here.
No.
I need from you.
Sign these divorce papers.
So no one gets hurt.
You want more money?
No.
Or because if you want more money,
I can give you more money.
You want more money?
I don't want your fucking money!
I want the company.
Robert.
And if you divorce her,
it's not yours anymore.
I'm not signing them.
Made a freakin' second here.
I might just faint.
Look at this.
It is.
You're in love.
Right?
Was this a fucking...
I should have done signing them.
Now let her go.
Mm.
You always gotta make things so...
Sophie.
Wakey.
I like to bakey.
Have any good dreams.
Fuck you.
Let's try this again, shall we?
Sign it.
I thought you might say that.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Marcus.
This is between you and me, okay?
Leave her out of it.
Okay.
I'm gonna give you to the count of five.
Marcus, stop.
Five.
If you hurt her, I'll fucking kill you.
I swear to God.
Or...
Marcus.
You don't want to do this, okay?
You don't.
I know you don't.
Three.
Marcus.
You're not a killer, okay?
I know you don't want to do this.
Two.
God damn it, Marcus.
Listen to me!
That wasn't so bad, was it?
You have me going there, man.
Whew!
Let me pull a knife out and everything.
Can't sign without a hand.
How right you are.
Look at that!
See?
It's all over.
You were great cousin.
Oh, that.
You got John Hancock right there.
Oh!
I almost completely forgot.
Stupid.
You guys have to die in like a tragic accident.
Yeah.
Really, really sad.
Especially since, you know, you just got a divorce.
Tragic day.
Rosie?
I know this is shocking.
I really didn't want it to come to this.
Robert, give me the document and I'll explain everything.
Explain first.
I want revenge on your father.
He swindled me out of the Fuji group and a ten billion dollar inheritance in the divorce.
And now, oh, this is so poetic.
I get it all back when you two lovers get divorced.
Did you do all this?
All these years, just so I would marry him.
Well, the money became Roberts when he got married.
And now it's going to his next akin.
Me.
So you're doing all this just for more money?
Yeah, I am.
You're sick.
I'm your son.
Well, actually, no.
You're my stepson.
That idiot on the floor is my son.
That's impossible.
You're lying.
I am known to lie quite a bit.
But unfortunately, not this time.
Robert, give me the document now.
I'm not giving you anything.
What about my father's debts?
Oh, I made that one up.
You know, you were always so easy to manipulate.
Light to me.
You raised me just to deceive me.
No offense, my dear.
Robert, the document.
You do that, Robert, and I'll shoot her.
I swear to God, I'll shoot her.
You said money was just a cool part of her.
Shut up and put the lighter down.
I am not giving you this document.
I'm going to give you one last warning.
The gun down.
Now.
Robert!
Put the fucking gun down!
No!
Oh, he was actually the son I really wanted.
You, Sophie, you were my favorite.
Please, please, please, Rosie.
Don't do this, please!
Sorry, my dear.
You're like a mother to me, please.
Who's the idiot now?
Mom?
Marcus?
Stop!
Marcus!
Put it down!
Stop!
Please, you've been shot!
Drop that weapon!
Hey, hey, what's up?
Come here, babe.
Oh, my God.
Sophie.
Robert, are you okay?
He's fine.
You should get him to the hospital.
Sure.
Let's go in.
That's a long story for a different time.
All right, get me out of here.
Okay.
Robert, do you take Sophie Steele to be your lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
Sophie Steele, do you take Robert Kensington to be your lawfully wedded husband?
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Again.